# IO.Swagger.Model.RecipientViewRequest
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AssertionId** | **string** | A unique identifier of the authentication event executed by the client application. | [optional] 
**AuthenticationInstant** | **string** | A sender generated value that indicates the date/time that the signer was authenticated. | [optional] 
**AuthenticationMethod** | **string** | Required. Choose a value that most closely matches the technique your application used to authenticate the recipient / signer.   Choose a value from this list:  * Biometric  * Email * HTTPBasicAuth * Kerberos * KnowledgeBasedAuth * None * PaperDocuments * Password * RSASecureID * SingleSignOn_CASiteminder * SingleSignOn_InfoCard * SingleSignOn_MicrosoftActiveDirectory * SingleSignOn_Other * SingleSignOn_Passport * SingleSignOn_SAML * Smartcard * SSLMutualAuth * X509Certificate  This information is included in the Certificate of Completion. | [optional] 
**ClientUserId** | **string** | A sender created value. If provided, the recipient is treated as an embedded (captive) recipient or signer.  Use your application&#39;s client ID (user ID) for the recipient. Doing so enables the details of your application&#39;s authentication of the recipient to be connected to the recipient&#39;s signature if the signature is disputed or repudiated.  Maximum length: 100 characters. | [optional] 
**Email** | **string** | Specifies the email of the recipient. You can use either email and userName or userId to identify the recipient. | [optional] 
**PingFrequency** | **string** | Only used if pingUrl is specified. This is the interval, in seconds, between pings on the pingUrl.  The default is 300 seconds. Valid values are 60-1200 seconds. | [optional] 
**PingUrl** | **string** | A client Url to be pinged by the DocuSign Signing experience to indicate to the client that Signing is active. An HTTP Get is executed against the client. The response from the client is ignored. The intent is for the client to reset it&#39;s session timer when the request is received. | [optional] 
**RecipientId** | **string** | Unique for the recipient. It is used by the tab element to indicate which recipient is to sign the Document. | [optional] 
**ReturnUrl** | **string** | The URL that the recipient is redirected to after the signing session has ended. DocuSign redirects to the URL and includes an &#x60;event&#x60; query parameter that can be used by your application.  Possible &#x60;event&#x60; parameter values:   * &#x60;access_code_failed&#x60;&lt;br&gt;   Recipient used incorrect access code. * &#x60;cancel&#x60;&lt;br&gt;   Recipient canceled the signing operation,   possibly by using the Finish Later option. * &#x60;decline&#x60;&lt;br&gt;   Recipient declined to sign. * &#x60;exception&#x60;&lt;br&gt;   A system error occurred during signing. * &#x60;fax_pending&#x60;&lt;br&gt;   Recipient has a fax pending. * &#x60;id_check_failed&#x60;&lt;br&gt;   Recipient failed an ID check. * &#x60;session_timeout&#x60;&lt;br&gt;   The session timed out.   An account can control this timeout using the Signer Session Timeout option. * &#x60;signing_complete&#x60;&lt;br&gt;   Recipient completed the signing ceremony. * &#x60;ttl_expired&#x60;&lt;br&gt;   The Time To Live token for the envelope has expired.   After being successfully invoked, these tokens expire   after 5 minutes   or if the envelope is voided. * &#x60;viewing_complete&#x60;&lt;br&gt;   The recipient completed viewing an envelope   that is in a read-only/terminal state   such as completed, declined, or voided.  Be sure to include &#x60;https://&#x60; in the URL or the redirect may fail on some browsers.  | [optional] 
**SecurityDomain** | **string** | The domain in which the user authenticated. | [optional] 
**UserId** | **string** | Specifies the user ID of the recipient. You can use with user ID or email and user name to identify the recipient.   If userId is used and a clientUserId is provided, the value in the &#x60;userId&#x60; property must match a recipientId (which can be retrieved with a GET recipients call) for the envelope.   If a userId is used and a clientUserId is not provided, the userId must match the user ID of the authenticating user. | [optional] 
**UserName** | **string** | Specifies the username of the recipient. You can use either email and userName or userId to identify the recipient. | [optional] 
**XFrameOptions** | **string** |  | [optional] 
**XFrameOptionsAllowFromUrl** | **string** |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

